Week 42 Blog Update (#285)
puppetlabs/iac: _lifeofinternatpuppet/post_42.md

---
layout: page
title: Week 42
author: Disha-maker
categories:
  - team
  - basics
tags:
  - week 42
---

Hey everyone,

A reply was sent to the IT Support in the ticket raised last week after chatting to my mentor Paula in my weekly 1:1 session of what to do with the 'unapproved process page' archived in the Puppet Forge Space on Confluence.

> I had many follow-up meetings with my manager this week on the Confluence Wiki Revamp Project. I tried to learn how to break down the bigger task into smaller sub tasks in JIRA so that the are easy to manage. Currently, I am struggling to write good, simple and easy to understand JIRA tickets with relevant sub tasks due to which my work is not progressing too well. I am thinking of how to overcome this new hurdle!

Reviewer: Would perhaps rephrase a bit:

```suggestion
I had many follow-up meetings with my manager this week on the Confluence Wiki Revamp Project. I tried to learn how to break down the bigger task into smaller sub tasks in JIRA so that the are easy to manage. I was given feedback on how to improve on this process based on the previous attempts - I am thinking of how to overcome this new hurdle!
```

Author: I would dismiss it and keep it the way it is!

---
layout: page
title: Week 42
author: Disha-maker
categories:
  - team
  - basics
tags:
  - week 42
---

Hey everyone,

A reply was sent to the IT Support in the ticket raised last week after chatting to my mentor Paula in my weekly 1:1 session of what to do with the 'unapproved process page' archived in the Puppet Forge Space on Confluence.

> Check the ticket [here](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/servicedesk/customer/portal/2/HELP-27502)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the ticket [here](https://tickets.puppetlabs.com/servicedesk/customer/portal/2/HELP-27502)
```

This won't be visible publicly - I would drop this line out.

Author: Check the new commit message below @sanfrancrisko
